Add documentation to the plugins. (#888)
llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler: pkg/epp/framework/plugins/scheduling/profilehandler/single/README.md

# SingleProfileHandler

**Type:** `single-profile-handler`

> **Interfaces**: `scheduling.ProfileHandler`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Type:** `single-profile-handler`
```

> [!NOTE]

> > This plugin is framework-injected by default when exactly one scheduling profile is defined and no profile handler is configured. You do not need to explicitly declare it in your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This plugin is enabled by default when exactly one scheduling profile is defined and no profile handler is configured. You do not need to explicitly declare it in your configuration.
```
